job description 
          Receiving Manager 
          
          
          Do you have shipping experience and a sense of urgency with issue resolution? We are looking for a receiving manager to gather requirements, plan, package, ship, communicate, and inspect all shipments for the quality assurance and timeliness of delivering results to our customers.This role requires outside-the-box thinking and problem-solving. It also requires great verbal and written communication skills for both internal and external personnel. Although this 1st shift job is from varying hours of 7:00 am - 8:00 pm (hours) logistics never sleeps and may require work on evenings and/or weekends.  The (B) Receiving Manager role is an integral part to the warehouse team in delivering the expectations and results for customers within the healthcare industry. Our client is a world-class speciality sales organziation, formed by lasting partnerships with the world's foremost medical device innovators, and provided superior service to renowned healthcare providers with a goal of saving lives.  Responsibilities The (B) Receiving Manager is an intergral part of the operation and productivity of the team. Essential functions and responsbilites of the role entail:       Sense of urgency and effective motor skills to function in a rapid work enviornment.    High precision to detail orientation and quality inspection of material.    strong aptitude to learn and high energy skills to be a team player and results oriented.    Excellent time management skills to ensure efficency in service delivery at all times.    High degree of professionalism and customer service oriented skills in working with industry partners.    Flexibility in 8-hour shift schedule and varying work hours as necessary, with rotating weekends.(overtime opportunites).   $2,000 potential annual bonus opportunity.   Experience in the Healthcare Industry is Highly Preferred     Understanding of Operations and Supply Chain Management is Recommended.    The essential functions of this role include: working in a smoke free environment manual lifting up to 25lbs working weekends Skills Detail Orientation  (1 year of experience is required) Time Management (1 year of experience is required) Customer Service (1 year of experience is required) Organizational Skills Quality Assurance Rapid Work Environment  Written Communication Oral Communication (1 year of experience is preferred) Shipping/Receiving Software Precision and Inspection  Education Associates (required) Qualifications Years of experience: 1 year Experience level:Entry Level Shift: First Working hours: 7 AM - 8 PM Randstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.
