Company:   Centura Health

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Job Type:   Full Time
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Colorado
City:   Denver
Post Date:   12/29/2020 01:08 PM
Welcome to Centura Health

Welcome to the largest health ecosystem in Colorado and western Kansas. Welcome to living your mission among thousands of people on fire to live theirs too. Welcome to options, possibilities and values that guide exceptional care. Welcome to extremely important industry challenges and opportunities to solve complex problems. Welcome to highly intelligent teams, overflowing community and the wholeness of mind, body and spirit that is Centura Health.

Flourishing Begins Here

You have a purpose, unique talents and NOW is the time to embrace it, live it and put it to work. At Centura Health, we value incredible people with incredible skills - but your commitment to a greater cause is something we value even more.

The Surgical Tech works under the supervision of the surgeon and RN. Assists surgical team during operative procedures by arranging and inventorying sterile set-up of instruments, equipment and supplies for surgical cases and passing items to surgeons and nurses as needed. Assists in preparing and moving patients and sterilizing and cleaning instruments, equipment and rooms.

Qualified individuals will receive a $10,000 sign-on bonus to be paid in installments. Individuals must at least one year of direct experience to be eligible for the sign-on bonus. This sign-on bonus does not apply to internal transfers.

Call Requirements: Varies - 6 weekdays, 3 shifts on weekends in a 6 week period. No call over night on weekdays.

What You Bring/Job Requirements

In addition to bringing your whole self to the workplace each day, qualified candidates will need the following:

* Basic Computer skills required.
* One year of experience in a surgical setting preferred.
* Experience in a specialty field preferred.
* HS Diploma/GED required
* Completion of an approved Surgical Technician program required
* BLS from the American Heart Association required
* Current registration with the Colorado Department of Regulatory Agencies (DORA) as a surgical technologist for associates working in Colorado. * A person performing Surgical Tech functions within the scope of another Colorado license, certification, or registration does not need to register as a Surgical Tech required
* Certification in Surgical Technology from the National Board Surgical Technology and Surgical Assisting (NBSTSA) or Certification as a Tech in Surgery (CST) from the National Center for Competency Testing (NCCT) required

Physical Requirements-Medium Work - (Exert up to 50lbs force occasionally, and/or up to 20lbs frequently, and/or up to 10lbs constantly)

Your Connected Community

When people and places align, incredible things happen. Just like the 21,000+ amazing associates who work here, every community within Centura Health's connected ecosystem has its own unique history, story and personality.

Don't forget to check out our benefits!

Porter Adventist Hospital

Located in central Denver's historic Washington Park residential neighborhood, associates at Porter Adventist Hospital enjoy beautiful surroundings, leading technology, outstanding leadership and easy access to everything great central Denver has to offer. As a full-service Magnet® designated, 368-bed acute-care referral center specializing in cancer care, joint replacement, spinal care and advanced robotic surgery, Porter Adventist Hospital treats some of the region's most complex medical cases and surgical patients. Our Heart and Vascular Institute is the first and only program in Colorado to receive full Heart Failure Accreditation status from the Society of Cardiovascular Patient Care. We have also received numerous awards and honors including: 100 Greatest Hospitals in America by Becker's Hospital Review for 3 years in a row (2015-2017); named as one of the top two hospitals in Colorado by U.S. News and World Report; recipient of the Healthgrades Distinguished Hospital Award-Clinical Excellence for 3 years in a row (2015-2017); one of Healthgrades America's 100 Best Hospitals for Joint Replacement for 2 years in a row (2016-2017), and many others.
