Center Lab Supervisor (Schenectady, NY) - NY State License Required

Company: CSL Plasma
Location: Schenectady
Posted on: December 31, 2020

Job Description:

Under the general direction of the laboratory director, this position supervises technical personnel and reporting of findings, performs tests requiring special scientific skills, and, in the absence of the director, are responsible for the proper performance of all laboratory procedures. In compliance with Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), supervises reception area testing activities. Provide clear and consistent instructions and directions, conduct meetings and clearly communicate performance expectations. May be required to perform tasks in work areas. Advise management of employee relation issues or escalated donor issues. In conjunction with Group Leaders, facilitate donor movement throughout the center minimizing wait time and processing. Ensures the center is staffed with adequate number of personnel to provide sufficient support based on center size, structure and donor flow. Monitor time card reporting procedures, attendance, and utilization of overtime. Conduct error investigations and develop recommendations for process improvement. Participate with management in conducting performance appraisals, providing performance feedback. With management review, document verbal and written coaching level corrective actions as needed. Assist in maintaining up-to-date employee training files, checklists, and assist with performance evaluations and certification status. May assist with the recruitment and selection of center operation staff. Adhere to and promote compliance to company policies and procedures. Ensures accurate recording of donor data in the electronic donor information management system as outlined in the SOPs. Understands policies and procedures associated with hyper immune programs at the center if applicable. Maintain clean efficient work environment, and ensure sufficient operating supplies and forms are available. Comply with all Health Safety and Environmental (HSE) and Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) policies and procedures. May conduct routine internal procedures and documentation audits. Promote safety in all actions. Maintain confidentiality of personnel, donor, and center information. Will be cross-trained in all technical areas and other functions to meet the needs of the business. Bilingual skills may be required, at the discretion of the organization, to meet the needs of the business Perform other job-related duties as assigned. Provide minimum hiring requirements, specialized knowledge, and other considerations required Physician OR New York Licensed Clinical Laboratory Technologist with 6 years clinical laboratory experience subsequent to qualifying, with at least 2 years working in a clinical laboratory with a director at the doctoral level OR Masters Degree in a chemical, physical or biological science with 4 years laboratory experience, subsequent to graduation, in which not less than 2 years have been in the laboratory specialty in a clinical laboratory with a director at the doctoral level OR Doctoral Degree in chemical, physical or biological science with 2 years experience, subsequent to graduation, in one of the laboratory specialties in a clinical laboratory or blood bank having a director at the doctoral level OR Cytotechnologist with 4 years experience in cytotechnology subsequent to qualifying in a laboratory with a director at the doctoral level in cytopathology For individuals first qualifying prior to April 1, 1972, an exception to the requirements may be made if: (1) The supervisor was performing the duties of a clinical laboratory supervisor at any time between July 1, 1961 and September 1, 1971; and (2) the supervisor has had at least 15 years of pertinent clinical laboratory experience prior to September 1, 1971: provided, that a minimum of 30 semester hours of credit toward a bachelor's degree with a chemical, physical or a biological science as his major subject; or 30 semester hours in an approved school of medical technology shall reduce the required years of experience by two years, with any additional hours further reducing the required years of experience at the rate of 15 hours for one year; And (3) he has performed the duties of a supervisor for at least two years during the qualifying 15 years in: (i) A clinical laboratory having a director at the doctoral level, of a hospital, university, health department or medical research institution; or (ii) in a laboratory approved under the Medicare supplementary medical insurance program, provided also, that where qualifying years in a laboratory described in subparagraph (i) of this paragraph are obtained after January 30, 1969, the laboratory meets applicable conditions under the Medicare health insurance program, or, under title 42, Code of Federal Regulations, part 74, the latter being the regulations issued pursuant to the Federal Clinical Laboratories Improvement Act of 1967. Minimum 1 year supervisory, leadership experience responsible for overseeing the activities of others required. Clinical laboratory or blood bank experience shall be part of a hospital, university, health department, medical research institution or other institution, which provides equivalent training. If qualified, may also function as Lab Director Shares information with internal contacts with common desire to reach a solution Ability to make decisions, which have moderate impact on immediate work unit. Must be able to see and speak with customers and observe equipment operation. Occasionally perform tasks while standing and walking up to 100% of time Reach, bend, kneel and have high level of manual dexterity Occasionally be required to lift and carry up to 25 pounds Fast paced environment with frequent interruptions Frequently exposed to hazardous chemicals, extreme temperatures and to blood borne pathogens. Required to wear Personal Protective Equipment while performing specific tasks or in certain areas Required to work overtime and extended hours to support center operational needs Apply at: https://csl.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/CSL_External/job/Americas-US-NY-Schenectady-229-CSL-Plasma/R-058266-Center-Lab-Supervisor-NY-State-License-Required_R-068016 Note: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, national origin or other legally protected classifications.
