RN Inpatient Straight Weekends 
 3SE Intermediate/Specialty Unit in Fargo



Job Ref:  1038382526

Employer:  Network

Company Name:  Sanford Health

Industry:  Healthcare other

Job Type:  Full Time

State:  North Dakota

City:  Fargo

Zip Code:  58102

Post Date:  12/30/2020

Sanford Health is one of the largest and fastest-growing not-for-profit health systems in the United States. We're proud to offer many development and advancement opportunities to our nearly 50,000 members of the Sanford Family who are dedicated to the work of health and healing across our broad footprint.

See yourself at Sanford!

Facility: Broadway Hospital

Location: Fargo, ND

Address: 801 Broadway N, Fargo, ND 58102, USA

Shift: Weekend

Job Schedule: Full time

Weekly Hours: 40.00

Job Summary

The Registered Nurse (RN) is responsible for utilizing the nursing process (assessment, diagnosis, outcomes/planning, implementation and evaluation) to provide individualized nursing care to patients. Collaborates with other inter-professional colleagues, including physicians, to plan, implement and evaluate care. Demonstrates competency and practices within the full scope of nursing expertise/knowledge and utilizes appropriate age and population specific standards as designated in their assigned clinical setting. Cares for patients in all phases of preventative care, health maintenance, diagnosis, treatment, and follow-up as patients move along the continuum of care. Responsible for the planning and coordination of care, patient assessment, patient education, triage, and various other nursing interventions. Functions within the scope and standards of nursing practice as outlined in the Nurse Practice Act and Administrative Rules in state of practice and licensure. The Sanford Professional Nursing Practice recognizes the Scope and Standards of Practice and the Code of Ethics for Nurses with Interpretive Statements as published by the American Nurses Association as the foundation of nursing care delivery and professional conduct.

Department Details

Sign-On Bonus available! Come join our specialty care unit and work alongside our ICU nurses and doctors in a comprehensive approach to patient care. This is a great opportunity to develop your ICU skills and grow in your career.

Qualifications

Graduate from an accredited nursing program required, including, but not limited to, American Association of Colleges of Nursing (AACN), Accreditation Commission for Education in Nursing (ACEN), and National League for Nursing Commission for Nursing Education Accreditation (NLN CNEA). Bachelor's Degree in nursing preferred.

Currently holds an unencumbered RN license with the State Board of Nursing where the practice of nursing is occurring and/or possess multistate licensure if in a Nurse Licensure Compact (NLC) state. Obtains and subsequently maintains required department specific competencies and certifications.

Benefits

Sanford Health offers an attractive benefits package for qualifying full-time and part-time employees. Depending on eligibility, a variety of benefits include health insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance, life insurance, a 401(k) retirement plan, work/life balance benefits, sick leave and paid time off. To review your benefit eligibility, visit .

Sanford is an EEO/AA Employer M/F/Disability/Vet. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request an accommodation for help with your online application, please call 1- or send an email to .

Sanford Health has a Drug Free Workplace Policy. An accepted offer will require a drug screen and pre-employment background screening as a condition of employment.

Job Function: Nursing

Req Number: R-35988

Featured: No
