FDC-MAINTENANCE &amp; CONSTRUCTION SUPT-SES-70041639-SAGO PALM RE-ENTRY CENTER job in PAHOKEE - Florida, USA / Un 
 Building Construction Jobs
State Of Florida

Job Location :  PAHOKEE (33476) - Florida, United States
Job Salary :  Competitive
Job Type :  Permanent
Main Industry :  Construction
Advertiser :  State Of Florida
Posted On :  29/01/2021
Job Description :  Requisition No: 221484

Agency: Department of Corrections

Working Title: FDC-MAINTENANCE &amp; CONSTRUCTION SUPT-SES- # -SAGO PALM RE-ENTRY CENTER

Position Number:  #

Salary:  $42, # annually

Posting Closing Date: 01/04/2021

OPEN COMPETITIVE ADVERTISEMENT

Please call (954) #

if there are questions about this position.

Maintenance &amp; Construction Supt-SES - #

This advertisement is for a Select Exempt Service position located at Sago Palm Re-Entry Center in the Maintenance Unit.

SPECIFIC DUTIES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES:

This position is responsible for the direction and supervision of all phases of the maintenance program for a correctional institution. Plans and coordinates all maintenance repairs, preventive maintenance activities and work assignments. Periodically inspects all buildings and equipment and advises the Assistant Bureau Chief of maintenance and construction needs. Ensures proper custody and security measures are followed on all maintenance and/or construction squads. Maintains accurate records of all maintenance and construction expenses. Prepares annual budgets and quarterly purchase orders ensuring that all necessary materials are on hand to accomplish assigned tasks. Prepares weekly and monthly reports for the Assistant Bureau Chief.

Ability to communicate effectively, plan, organize and direct program activities, to supervise people, to utilize problem solving skills, to understand and apply applicable rules, regulations, policies and procedures, to prioritize work loads, to establish effective working relationships with others, and to manage a maintenance and repair program. Have knowledge of procedures and methods used in physical plant maintenance and repair and building construction or maintenance.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

-A bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university and five (5) years of experience in one or more of the following trades: Electronics, Electrical, Plumbing, HVAC, or a High School Diploma or its equivalent and (9) years of experience in one or more of the following trades: Electronics, Electrical, Plumbing, HVAC.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

-Experience in plant maintenance and building construction
-Two or more years of supervisory experience
Support of knowledge, skills, and abilities should be demonstrated on the application, in the education, in the work experience, in the work sample, in the interview and/or during reference checks.

If you are interested in this position and meet the above indicated qualification and have the desired education, knowledge and experience, please submit a State of Florida Application and resume through the People First system. If you experience problems applying on-line, please call the People First Service Center at #

Applications will be accepted until 11:59 PM on the closing date.

The State of Florida is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action Employer, and does not tolerate discrimination or violence in the workplace.

Candidates requiring a reasonable accommodation, as defined by the Americans with Disabilities Act, must notify the agency hiring authority and/or People First Service Center # Notification to the hiring authority must be made in advance to allow sufficient time to provide the accommodation.

The State of Florida supports a Drug-Free workplace. All employees are subject to reasonable suspicion drug testing in accordance with Section 112.0455, F.S., Drug-Free Workplace Act.
