Company:   YRC Worldwide

Industry:   Transportation / Freight
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Georgia
City:   Jefferson
Post Date:   12/29/2020 06:15 AM
JOB SUMMARY
The Casual Clerk (Union) will perform various office support and administrative functions for the Operations/Facility Manager and their management staff. Support the functions of the office through various tasks and duties.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

1. Perform clerical assignments in accordance with established procedures and under general instruction.

2. Perform money-related functions including preparation of bank deposits and driver collect bills to assure positive cash flow for the facility and corporation. OS&amp;D (Overages, Shortages, and Damages) including yard and dock checks, claims assistance, cashiering and customer service duties as required.

3. Ensure incoming and outgoing shipments are correct, including paperwork, tracking and expediting shipments.

4. Handle hazardous material breakouts, bills of lading, manifests, and all other related shipping and receiving documents to ensure accuracy and government compliance.

5. Compile data for routing reports, as directed.

6. Post information to records, prepare invoices and sort and distribute mail.

7. Review and maintain various reports and ensure proper authorization for company functions and purchases are obtained.

8. Assist in the administration and office support functions by maintaining office records, personnel files and answering routine questions about company policy.

COMPETENCIES

1. Adaptability - Maintaining effectiveness when experiencing major changes in work responsibilities or environment (e.g., people, processes, structure, or culture); adjusting effectively to change by exploring the benefits, trying new approaches, and collaborating with others to make the change successful.

2. Building Trusting Relationships - Using appropriate interpersonal styles to establish effective relationships with customers and internal partners; interacting with others in a way that promotes openness and trust and gives them confidence in one's intentions.

3. Collaborating - Working cooperatively with others to help a team or work group achieve its goals.

4. Communication - Conveying information and ideas clearly and concisely to individuals or groups in an engaging manner that help them understand and retain the message; listening actively to others.

5. Continuous Learning - Actively identifying new areas for learning; regularly creating and taking advantage of learning opportunities; using newly gained knowledge and skill on the job and learning through their application.

6. Initiating Action - Taking prompt action to accomplish work goals; taking action to achieve results beyond what is required; being proactive.

7. Work Standards - Setting high standards of performance for self and others; assuming responsibility and accountability for successfully completing assignments or tasks; self-imposing standards of excellence rather than having standards imposed.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

1. High School diploma or equivalent.

2. Effective organizational, planning and prioritization skills.

3. Proficient using MS Office applications (Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, and Excel).

4. Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS * *

1. Some college or related training.

2. Experience in the transportation industry.

WORKING CONDITIONS

* *
This job operates in a professional office environment indoors. Routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets, and fax machines.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS

* *
The position requires the ability to spend long hours sitting or standing while using office equipment and computers. Ability to perform repetitive tasks such as typing and keying. Occasional lifting, pushing/pulling, carrying 10 lbs of supplies and materials is required.

* *
YRC Worldwide, along with all subsidiary companies, are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Title: Casual Clerk
Location: GA-Jefferson
Requisition ID: 20052Q
