Company:   Hospital Corporation of America

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Job Type:   Full Time
Country:   United States
State/Province:   New Hampshire
City:   Portsmouth
Post Date:   12/29/2020 05:31 PM
Are you passionate about delivering superior, patient-centered care? At HCA Healthcare, we are committed to caring for patients with purpose and integrity. We care like family! Jump-start your career as an Cardiac Cath lab Technologist today at Portsmouth Regional Hospital.

At Portsmouth Regional, we want to ensure we meet your needs. We offer a variety of comprehensive medical, dental, and vision plans along with some unique benefits including:

 Tuition Reimbursement/Assistance Programs

 Paid Personal Leave

 401(k) (100% annual match - 3%-9% of pay based on years of service)

 Identity Theft Protection discounts

 Auto, Home, and Life Insurance options

 Adoption Assistance

 Employee Stock Purchase Program

Would you like to unlock your potential with a leading healthcare provider dedicated to the growth and development of our colleagues? Join the Portsmouth Regional Hospital family! We will provide you the tools and resources you need to succeed in our organization. We are currently looking for an ambitious Cath Lab Technologist to help us reach our goals. Unlock your potential here!

What would you do in this role?
As a Cardiac Cath Lab Technologist, you would participate in the development of the plan of care for patients undergoing invasive diagnostic cardiac and vascular testing or interventional procedure. You would perform scrub and monitoring duties utilizing all aspects of catheterization equipment, while applying prescribed procedure for operation of radiology imaging equipment, including storing of images, burning CDs, archiving, calculates ejection fraction from LV gram.

 You will operate MAC LAB hemodynamic monitoring system.
 Perform patient setup, scrubs and pans for various coronary and peripheral diagnostic and/or interventional procedures, as well as sheath removal.
 You will assist the physician in permanent pacemaker implantation and Trans venous pacemaker insertion when applicable, as well as IABP insert and transport.
 Collect specimens for POC moderately complex testing and perform POC moderately complex testing.

Requirements:
 RCIS or R.T. (R) (ARRT).
 Basic Life Support Certification.
 Minimum one to two years of cath lab experience preferred.

Portsmouth Regional Hospital is a 220-bed facility, where you will find caring extends to both our patients and our colleagues. We are committed to each other because when we work together, our patients are cared for in the safest and most compassionate way. Please visit Employee Testimonials to find out why our employees are excited to work for Portsmouth Regional Hospital.

Ethisphere has rated HCA Healthcare a World's Most Ethical Company since 2010. In 2018, HCA Healthcare spent an estimated $3.3 billion in cost for the delivery of charitable care, uninsured discounts, and other uncompensated expenses .

We are a family 270,000 strong! Our Talent Acquisition team is reviewing applications immediately. We will reach out to highly qualified candidates to schedule an interview. Please submit your resume today to join our community of caring!

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
