Company:   Mayo Clinic

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Minnesota
City:   Rochester
Post Date:   12/29/2020 11:10 PM

The Department of Ophthalmology at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN is seeking a fellowship-trained cornea specialist to join our established practice to treat patients with cornea, ocular surface, anterior segment, and refractive conditions. The department has approximately 40 members who cover all subspecialty areas of ophthalmology. Candidates should be board-certified or board-eligible. This position involves clinical care of patients and resident teaching, and candidates should have an academic interest in clinical and/or laboratory research. The department already has active and respected cornea research programs.

Mayo Clinic is a non-profit, physician-led, multi-specialty clinical practice integrated with education and research in a unified, multi-campus environment. Mayo Clinic is an academic tertiary care institution that includes campuses in Minnesota, Arizona and Florida. We have the benefits afforded by a large institution, yet the freedom to direct our own department and practice to meet the needs of the patient.

License or certification

* Fellowship-trained cornea specialist
* Board-certified or board-eligible

Benefits eligible
Yes

Schedule
Full Time

Site description
Mayo Clinic is located in the heart of downtown Rochester, Minnesota, a vibrant, friendly city that provides a highly livable environment for more than 34,000 Mayo staff and students. The city is consistently ranked among the best places to live in the United States because of its affordable cost of living, healthy lifestyle, excellent school systems and exceptionally high quality of life.

Category
Physicians &amp; Scientists

Career profile
All Physicians Specialties

Specialty
Ophthalmology

Job posting number
144207BR

Recruiter
Nicole Culbertson

Equal opportunity employer
Mayo Clinic is an equal opportunity educator and employer (including veterans and persons with disabilities).
