Company:   Mayo Clinic

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Arizona
City:   Phoenix
Post Date:   12/29/2020 11:10 PM

Assists the Cardiologists and/or nurses and nuclear technologists with the patient before, during, and after nuclear cardiac stress tests. Performs complex ECG exams in the ECG lab or assists in monitoring ECG waves for nuclear cardiology studies as needed. Performs related clerical duties, securing medical information prior to patient appointment time. The individual must demonstrate knowledge of the principles of growth and development of the life span. The ability to assess data reflective of the patient's status and appropriately interpret information relative to the patient's age specific needs is required.

Qualifications
* High School diploma.

* Two years of experience working in the medical field or course work in a health-related subject required.

Additional qualifications
* Strong computer skills preferred.

* Previous ECG experience preferred.

* Strong interpersonal skills with a commitment to customer service required.

* Detail oriented with strong organizational skills required.

* Ability to work both independently and in a team environment, making decisions and directing work and patient flow to achieve maximum operational efficiency required.

License or certification
Basic Life Support Certification is required upon hire and must be valid for 90 days or greater from start date. Maintains Basic Life Support (BLS) Competency.

Exemption status
Non-exempt

Compensation Detail
Education, experience and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended. The minimum pay rate is $16.17 per hour.

Benefits eligible
Yes

Schedule
Part Time

Hours / Pay period
40

Schedule details
Monday through Friday, 7:30 am - 4:30 pm. Occasional 12 hour weekend shifts and 8.5 hour call-shifts.

Weekend schedule
Occasional 12 hour weekend shifts.

Site description
Over the next four years, Mayo Clinic is making significant investments in both the physical and technological future of health care, through doubling the size of the Mayo Clinic campus in Phoenix, inclusive of practice, education, and research activities. Mayo Clinic's campuses in Arizona are located in Phoenix and Scottsdale, in the beautiful Sonoran Desert. The region is known as the Valley of the Sun, a metropolitan area with more than 4 million residents in 25 cities and towns.

With Phoenix being the sixth largest city in the nation, this sunny "desert metropolis" offers the amenities of a big city in the midst of a strikingly beautiful, rugged, southwest landscape.

Scottsdale frequently earns praise as a highly desirable place to live. The city's more than 200,000 residents enjoy a vibrant mix of culinary hot spots, arts and entertainment, professional and collegiate sports teams, and community resources. The region's desert climate promotes an outdoor lifestyle with a full complement of sports and recreation.

Category
Other Patient Care

Job posting number
128194BR

Recruiter
Casondra Johnson

Equal opportunity employer
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available.
