Company:   Mayo Clinic

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Minnesota
City:   Rochester
Post Date:   12/29/2020 11:10 PM

This position is for the Rochester site. Will have rotating shifts between teleworking and on site.

Actively partner with team members by fostering an inclusive work environment and respecting others with different backgrounds, experiences and perspectives.

The Financial Counselor is responsible for promptly assisting patients with their financial clearance prior to, during, or after their treatment period. This position is responsible for obtaining and updating insurance, financial, and demographic information within the Epic environment. Courteously and professionally helps patients and/or their families understand and assist with options to cover their financial obligations including but not limited to: co-pays, deductibles, and co-insurance. In addition, the counselors may assist patients with Medicaid, Third Party eligibility and Charity Care applications and processing. Responsible for establishing payment plans and collecting true self-pay and self-pay residual balances as necessary. Responsible for assisting patients with ad-hoc financial issues as needed prior to, during and following their treatment at Mayo Clinic. This role requires adherence to quality assurance guidelines as well as established productivity standards to support the work unit's performance expectations.

Qualifications
High School Diploma or GED and Two or more years of relevant experience required

OR

Bachelor's degree required.

Ability to read and communicate effectively. Basic computer/keyboarding skills, intermediate mathematic competency. Good written and verbal communication skills. Knowledge of proper phone etiquette and phone handling skills.

Additional qualifications
Position requires multiple years of experience in a health care setting involving customer service to become knowledgeable in practices involved in patient financial counseling and/or coordination of services related to insurance verification. Basic knowledge of self-pay collections, medical terminology, ICD10 knowledge, and a functional understanding of insurance is preferred. Requires excellent verbal communication skills, and the ability to work in a complex environment with varying points of view. Must be comfortable with ambiguity, exhibit good decision making and judgment capabilities, attention to detail. Incumbent must be self-motivated, self-directed and highly organized who will promote a productive, collegial workplace and be a professional ambassador for Mayo Clinic. Ability to prioritize work and handle a variety of tasks simultaneously is necessary in this position. Belief in the mission and strong ethical conduct is essential. Must possess excellent interpersonal skills and have the ability to interact on a professional level with individuals from diverse backgrounds. Knowledge of and experience using an Epic RC/EMR system is preferred.

Exemption status
Non-exempt

Compensation Detail
Education, experience and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended.

Benefits eligible
Yes

Schedule
Part Time

Hours / Pay period
64

Schedule details
Hours of operation 5:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Monday - Friday

Weekend schedule
1 out of 7

Site description
Mayo Clinic is located in the heart of downtown Rochester, Minnesota, a vibrant, friendly city that provides a highly livable environment for more than 34,000 Mayo staff and students. The city is consistently ranked among the best places to live in the United States because of its affordable cost of living, healthy lifestyle, excellent school systems and exceptionally high quality of life.

Category
Administration, Business, Finance

Career profile
Finance

Job posting number
144095BR

Recruiter
Veronica Bartz

Equal opportunity employer
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available.
