Company:   Hospital Corporation of America

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Job Type:   Full Time
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Tennessee
City:   Nashville
Post Date:   12/29/2020 05:19 PM
Coding Resolution Specalist II - Work from Home
Parallon Service Center - Nashville
Nashville, TN
Schedule: PRN/Days

Are you looing for an organization that places integrity over their bottom line? Here at HCA Healthcare, our everyday decisions are founded in compassion. Apply today and join a team that is dedicated to serving others in need.

We offer you an excellent total compensation package, including competitive salary, excellent benefit package and growth opportunities. Your benefits include 401k, PTO medical, dental, flex spending, life, disability, tuition reimbursement, employee discount program, employee stock purchase program. We would love to talk to you about this fantastic opportunity.

We are seeking a Coding Resolution Specialist II WORK FROM HOME to ensure that we continue to provide all patients with high quality, efficient care. The Coding Account Resolution Specialist-II (CARS-II) works outpatient coding related alerts and edits for same day surgery, observation, outpatient cardiac cath, and wound care accounts, predominately after the initial or final coding. The CARS-II performs the alert and edit resolution activities in the applicable systems for the facilities based on the established procedures.

 You will provide back-up coverage as needed for emergency department, recurring, clinical, and provider office visits accounts as needed.
 You will compile daily work list from eRequest, CRT, or other alert/edit systems
 You will enter detailed eRequest notes to provide details if the alert/edit must be rerouted to another responsible party for research and resolution
 You will escalate alert and edit resolution issues to minimize final billing delays
 You will monitor the aging of accounts held by an alert and edit, prioritize aged accounts, and report to leadership
 You will work with billing, revenue integrity, or Medicare Service Center to resolve alerts and edits
 You will complete MOCK abstracts as necessary (e.g. combining the codes for outpatient claims subject to the payment window)
