Company:   Hospital Corporation of America

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Job Type:   Full Time
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Louisiana
City:   Covington
Post Date:   12/29/2020 05:27 PM
Do you have a passion for healthcare and helping others? Do you enjoy working in a fast-paced, patient-centered environment? Jump-start your career in our Behavioral Health Department at Lakeview Regional Medical Center. We are looking for an RN Case Manager to join our team! Submit your application today!

Benefits:
We offer you an excellent total compensation package, including competitive salary, excellent benefit package and growth opportunities. We believe in our team and your ability to do excellent work with us. Your benefits include:
401k, PTO medical, Dental, Flex Spending, Life, Disability, Tuition Reimbursement, Employee Discount Program, Employee Stock Purchase Program and Student Loan Repayment. We would love to talk to you about this fantastic opportunity.

About Lakeview Regional Medical Center Lakeview Regional Medical Center is a full service, acute care hospital providing inpatient and outpatient healthcare services to St. Tammany Parish residents since 1977. Our 172 bed, state-of-the-art facility provides the most advanced, medical and surgical technologies available, along with personalized patient and family-based care in a safe, suburban community.

We believe these well-defined values are the keys to nurturing staff and patient satisfaction. By joining our team you contribute to the positive culture of the hospital, which directly impacts the well-being of your patients, their families, your colleagues, and your own personal job satisfaction. We invite you to learn firsthand what our unwavering commitment to patient satisfaction, service excellence and professional expertise can do for your career.

Learn more about working at Lakeview Regional Medical Center where above all else

Click here to learn more about working at Lakeview Regional Medical Center

Position Summary and Stats

The Case Manager Registered Nurse coordinates organization efforts to efficiently manage admissions, plan of treatment and discharge needs for patients admitted to the hospital. Reviews admissions for appropriateness, effectiveness of treatment, efficiency of services and timeliness of discharge to ensure all patients receive the highest quality of care/service possible in the most appropriate setting.

Degree of Supervision Required: Minimal. Must be able to work independently.

HOURS : 40 hours/week - Monday - Friday - no weekends

Be a part of an organization that invests in you. We are actively reviewing applications. Highly qualified candidates will be promptly contacted by our hiring managers for interviews. Submit your application and help us raise the bar in patient care!

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status
