job description 
          Research Remediation Analyst 
          
          
          job summary:    Required Qualifications:      4+ years of customer contact experience in a financial services environment; or 3+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: financial services operations, underwriting, or quality assurance      Desired Qualifications :      Intermediate Microsoft Office skills Ability to navigate multiple computer systems, applications, and utilize search tools to find information Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills       location: Fort Mill, South Carolina   job type: Contract   work hours: 8 to 5   education: Bachelor's degree   experience: 4 Years       responsibilities:    Responsibilities:      Responds to and researches and resolves escalated inquiries and complaints requiring special handling and that may have been forwarded by mgmt committee members, agencies, and/or senior business leaders. This may include a review of in-process, closed or cancelled single loan/credit exceptions, applications, claims, files and/or on-line transactions, etc., individually or in aggregate, to determine if processes and documentation are in compliance with internal company requirements, contractual terms/conditions, insurer guidelines, investor requirements and/or government regulations or to perform remediation activities. Functions evaluated may cover one or more of the following areas: underwriting, regulatory compliance, fraud, fair lending, and servicing. Performs intake to determine appropriate course of action, conducting investigative steps to fully identify the issues, researching product information, terms, conditions, contracts, etc., creating correspondence as needed, processing complex and/or corrective transactions on-line (including monetary and non-monetary actions). Communicates with others (including customers, merchants, clients, executives, agencies, regulators, bankers) to ensure resolution/negotiation of sensitive and/or time-critical matters. May serve as an intermediary to resolve disputed matters; negotiates and enacts settlements. Recommend standards, policies, and/or procedures to correct deficiencies. Ensures identified risks and/or problems are clearly documented. Has similar authorities as first tier supervisors to make override decisions; refers recommendations exceeding authority levels and/or items unable to meet resolution to management for review. Other duties may include: project work to identify/implement process improvements, performance of ongoing reviews as needed. May generate reports and summarize results. Typically performs team leadership and provides work direction.     qualifications:     Click To Apply      skills: Analysis, Banking Operations     Equal Opportunity Employer: Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status.
