Company:   Life Technologies

Industry:   Biotechnology / Pharma
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Massachusetts
City:   Cambridge
Post Date:   12/29/2020 09:13 PM
When you're part of the team at Thermo Fisher Scientific, you'll do important work, like helping customers in finding cures for cancer, protecting the environment or making sure our food is safe. Your work will have real-world impact, and you'll be supported in achieving your career goals.

Location/Division Specific Information

Viral Vector Services (VVS), part of Thermo Fisher Scientific is a dynamic gene therapy contract development and manufacturing organization that is looking for leaders to bring the highest quality processes, products and testing to our clients. The VVS Global Engineering team is a cross functional engineering group supporting over $150 Million in capital investments across locations in Massachusetts and Florida. Based out of Cambridge, MA, the Global Engineering group works to establish engineering standards/systems for the company and introduce new manufacturing technology in addition to capital project execution.

How will you make an impact?

The Engineering Co-op will support 1 to 5 projects within the VVS Global engineering group. The engineer will work with the Global Engineering and Sites groups to gather information in support of executing the assigned projects. The engineer will also be asked to assist engineering personnel in performing standard daily tasks.

What will you do?

o Support facility projects and coordination of activities at any of our sites around Massachusetts.

o Participate in planning and modeling of facilities and processes in support of Capital Projects being executed in 2020.

o Execution of studies and generation/management of data and technical reports associated with facilities, utilities, and equipment

o Administration of engineering documentation such as equipment/engineering turnover packages

o Administration of technical drawings associated with single-use process equipment, and automation and facilities systems.

How will you get here?

o Enrolled in a university studying an engineering discipline such as Chemical, Electrical, or Mechanical Engineering or other disciplines such as Facilities Management or Industrial Engineering.

o 2-5 years' of completed university coursework

o Work experience or community service demonstrating ability to work within professional environment

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities

o Ability to function in a dynamic environment and balance multiple priorities simultaneously

o While performing the duties of this job, the employee is required to write, read/review written documentation for extended periods of time. Specific vision requirements for this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.

o Is regularly required to talk and hear. The employee frequently is required to sit and stand for extended periods. The employee is occasionally required to be active.

o Knowledge of biology, physics, and basic computer skills.

o Needs Ability to aseptically gown and/or sterile gown as needed

At Thermo Fisher Scientific, each one of our 70,000 extraordinary minds has a unique story to tell. Join us and contribute to our singular mission-enabling our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.

Apply today! http://jobs.thermofisher.com

Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.

To qualify, applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United States, and should not require, now or in the future, sponsorship for employment visa status.
