Account Manager - Outside Sales

Company: Kaman Distribution
Location: Milpitas
Posted on: December 31, 2020

Job Description:

OverviewKaman Automation, a business unit of Kaman Distribution Group comprised of Minarik, Zeller, and G. C. Fabrication, has an opening for an Outside Sales / Professional Account Manager in San Jose, CA (Milpitas).--The ideal candidate is a motivated sales professional looking for an opportunity with an unlimited earning potential providing products and value-added solutions to our customers. The Account Manager manages an assigned sales territory and serves as the primary contact for assigned customers; Improves profitability of territory through growth in market share and gross margin; Achieves productivity improvements; and, Utilizes the technical expertise and resources of Kaman Automation and our supplier partners.We are a leading provider of motion control, automation products, systems and solutions--to original equipment manufacturers, industrial production plants, and infrastructure facilities throughout North America.We are committed to helping our customers achieve high performance by providing quality and state-of-the-art products with the technical support to back them. Our people are the foundation of our success and we recognize that our ability to sustain our competitive advantage is by investing in the development of our employees, driving innovation, and providing solutions for a better tomorrow.Essential Duties and Responsibilities* Manages an assigned sales territory. Develops current customer base and establishes new customers. Promotes company initiatives, and services by making regular sales calls. * Establishes themselves as a solution oriented consultant assisting assigned customers with problem resolution, applications, design improvements, and product recommendations.* Grows profitable market share by presenting value-added services. Keeps current with information on competitive products, customers' machinery, processes and business objectives. Updates customers on new products and technologies as appropriate.* Promotes and maintains effective working relationships with customers, technical sales resources and suppliers.* Maintains productive relationships with customer service associates through positive team work. Leads by example. Communicates information on new products and processes. Proactively engages customer service team in relationships with customers.* Regularly updates and maintains customer contact information and opportunities in CRM. Keeps local managers informed of customer changes based on account responsibilities.* Improves territory performance through increased sales and increased gross margins.* Provides a high level of customer service to all customers; ensures proactive engagement and account development activities with all assigned accounts.* Attends product and ongoing professional training on an on-going basis.QualificationsThe ideal candidate will have:* 3-5 years inside/outside sales experience with a manufacturer or distributor. * Experience with Controls, Motion, or related technologies (Hydraulics, Pneumatics, Robotics, etc.).* Working knowledge of automated manufacturing, machine builders, systems integrators or panel shops.* Technical education or training. 2 or 4 year degree preferred.* Outstanding communication skills (verbal, written and presentation).* Excellent networking, prospecting and closing skills.* A consultative sales approach that identifies customer needs, with the ability to engage available resources necessary to secure the business.* An active member and participant in business/industry organizations and networking events.* Proven track record of high sales performance, including meeting/exceeding sales targets.* Thorough knowledge of Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint.)* Comfortable communicating with every level of an organization from top level executives to factory floor and field personnel.* Valid drivers license required.Physical Requirements:* Capable of lifting up to 25 lbs.Travel:* Up to 60 % of work week will be spent visiting current and prospect clients. Very limited overnight travel.Benefits and Company OverviewOur comprehensive compensation package and benefit program includes: * Your choice of medical insurance providers and plans, Dental insurance, and Flexible spending accounts* Company matching 401(k) with a great vesting schedule* Company paid Life (family) &amp; STD insurances, Vacation, Holiday &amp; Sick time* 100% tax-free tuition reimbursement Kaman Distribution Group is comprised of three business units: Kaman Automation, Kaman Fluid Power, and Kaman Industrial Technologies. We offer more than four million items including bearings, mechanical power transmission, electrical and automation, material handling, motion control, fluid power and MRO supplies to customers in virtually every industry. Additionally, we provide engineering, design, and support for automation, electrical, linear, hydraulic and pneumatic systems as well as belting and rubber fabrication, customized mechanical services, hose assemblies, repair, fluid analysis, and motor management. Offering products and solutions from more than 220 locations, our people are the foundation of our success. We recognize that our ability to sustain our competitive advantage rests among our talent. #KDG #KFP #KIT #KAI
