Company:   Marriott International

Industry:   Cool Jobs
Employment / Staffing / HR
Hospitality
Hotel / Resort / Lodging
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Maryland
City:   Bethesda
Post Date:   12/29/2020 02:26 PM
Posting Date Dec 29, 2020
Job Number 20201188
Job Category Human Resources
Location Marriott International HQ, 10400 Fernwood Road, Bethesda, Maryland, United States VIEW ON MAP
Brand Corporate
Schedule Full-Time
Relocation? N
Position Type Management

Marriott International is the world's largest hotel company, with more brands, more hotels and more opportunities for associates to grow and succeed. We believe a great career is a journey of discovery and exploration. So, we ask, where will your journey take you?

Specific Job Summary
The International Compensation &amp; Benefits Department is responsible for Global Mobility and specifically expatriate pay and benefit management. The Tax Analyst supports the implementation, interpretation and administration of Marriott's international assignment policies.

The Company has ~2,000 international assignees in 130 countries supporting the business in those countries and continent offices. The Tax Analyst supports all phases of global mobility assignment activities. The Tax Analyst serves as a resource to support the IC&amp;B Senior Director and key business stakeholders and assists in ensuring compliance with Marriott's various mobility policies to maintain competitive market trends while effectively managing costs for the business.

The Tax Analyst is responsible to support the Senior Director to ensure compliance with income tax, social security, payroll tax laws, and documenting tax positions for the Company's global expatriate associates.

The Tax Analyst is a trained user of all modules within the Company's licensed expatriate technology systems that support accuracy of global mobility data and tax reporting requirements.

Specific Expected Contributions
 Support all phases of expatriate compensation analysis and reporting.
 Advanced knowledge of complex global equity programs and the associated recording of international payroll requirements.
 Serve as a key resource to the team of analysts to ensure compliant processing of import files to expatriate management system including, but not limited to: Relocation, Global Health &amp; Welfare Benefits, International Retirement Plan, and imputed transactions as instructed and validate the output.
 Responsible for updating and monitoring Employee Services screen in KPMG LINK Enterprise to review and set authorized tax services, maintain tax equalization credit and debit balances and set Foreign Tax Credit and Alternative Minimum Tax Credit carryover forward amounts for employees with the ability to produce reports for management and evaluate historical trends.
 Manage global tax vendor compliance work and service levels.
 Support the tax team through all tax phases of the KPMG LINK Assignment Management and Global Payroll Management Systems including the configuration of policies within the Cost Projection and Self-Service Portal modules.
 Review tax service provider invoices for to account for service level accuracy and look for ways to improve efficiency and minimize overall company costs.
 Proactively identify issues that mariate payroll experience.
 Demonstrated ability to work under pressure while delivering high service in a timely and professional manner.
 Readily critiques own behavior to acknowledge mistakes and improve future leadership performance and acts independently to improve and increase skills and knowledge.
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
 Ability to interface and communicate with all levels of the workforce, entry level to senior management.
 Team player with the ability to develop and maintain positive working relationships internally and externally.
 Strong project management skills.
 Demonstrated proficiency using Microsoft Offices suite of products along with payroll and HRIS system experience.
 Successfully manage multiple staggered projects with competing deadlines.
 Recommend key process enhancements to IC&amp;B leadership team, including assessment of current state and future state.
 Adaptable to automation and enhancing processes.
 Strong data management and analytical skills with the ability to review and analyze payroll and accounting reports.
 Ability to perform complex analysis and clearly articulate variances in a professional manner.
 Sound understanding of when to escalate situations to management.

Education
 Bachelor's Degree in Accounting, Business Management, Finance, International Business or a related discipline required

Experience
 Minimum of 1-2 years relevant expatriate taxation &amp; payroll experience
 Public accounting global mobility tax experience preferred
 Experience in international compensation, benefits and cross-border tax matters
 Knowledge of expatriate assignment management
 Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills

Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer. We believe in hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive, people-first culture. We are committed to non-discrimination on any protected basis, such as disability and veteran status, or any other basis covered under applicable law.
