job description 
          Shipping clerk 
          
          
          Do you have shipping experience and a sense of urgency with issue resolution? We are looking for a shipping specialist to gather requirements, plan, package, ship, communicate, and inspect all shipments for a medical distributor. This role requires outside-the-box thinking and problem-solving. It also requires great verbal and written communication skills for both internal and external personnel.  This is a 1st shift position, starting at $15/hr. IMMEDIATE OPENING! Apply with resume today!!  Responsibilities   Ensure accurate inventory    Verify correct part assignments in all order entry systems at time of shipment Verify accurate packing (whats on the order is what shipped)     Warehouse maintenance    Ensure warehouse is always inspection ready     Ensure accurate and timely shipments    Monitor orders/work orders ready to ship in all platforms to ensure that delivery expectations are met Ensure that all necessary paperwork is sent with each order Ensure appropriate order entry completion on every order Reduce shipping costs by verifying appropriate selection in Worldship   Returns    Ensure accurate count and product selection of all returned items Ensure dirty area is clean and is always inspection ready   Skills    Microsoft Office Distribution Operations Basic Computer Skills Inventory Auditing (2 years of experience is required) Cycle Counting Worldship (1 year of experience is required)   Education    No Degree Required   Qualifications    Years of experience: 0 years Experience level:Experienced   Shift: First Working hours: 9 AM - 5 PM Randstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.
