Company:   Mayo Clinic

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Minnesota
City:   Austin
Post Date:   12/29/2020 11:10 PM

The licensed practical nurse (LPN) or Medical Assistant (MA):
 Provides nursing care to assigned patients under the direct supervision of the registered nurse (RN) or other assigned supervisor and accepts delegation from the RN/assigned supervisor in meeting the needs of the patient/family.
 Collects data through observation and communicates information to assist the RN and/or provider in patient assessment and care planning.
 Participates as a member of the health care team and accepts delegation from the RN/assigned supervisor and provider in meeting needs of the patient/family.
 Delivers care in accordance with the patient care plan, policies and procedures of the organization and principles of relationship-based care.
 Possesses excellent communication skills; is skillful in mentoring and teaching; and participates on committees or projects.

Qualifications
Education:
Graduate of an accredited school of practical nursing or graduate of a medical assistant program
If a Medical Assistant, a High School Diploma or GED is also required

Experience:
If graduation did not occur within the last two years, one year of LPN or MA experience working in an applicable setting is required.
Experience working in a team environment

Skills:
Excellent communication skills (verbal and written)
Computer skills required
Ability to work flexible hours, which may include days, evenings, nights, holidays, weekends, and on-call
Ability to adapt to unpredictable situations within the work

It is understood that the position is currently in the department stated above, but overall the position is in clinic nursing and Mayo Clinic Health System in Austin does not guarantee department specific positions.

Additional qualifications
Prior experience with electronic medical record systems preferred.
One year LPN/MA experience within the last five years preferred.

License or certification
Current LPN license by applicable state requirements or
Medical Assistant certification or registration. In the event of no certification or registration and ineligibility to become certified or registered, an ABR-OE or equivalent is required.

Maintains BLS (Basic Life Support) for Health Care Providers from one of the following programs:
* American Heart Association
* American Red Cross
Additional specialty certification/training as required by the work area.

Exemption status
Non-exempt

Compensation Detail
This position is within the USW union contract. Education, experience and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended.

Benefits eligible
Yes

Schedule
Part Time

Hours / Pay period
48

Schedule details
This position may be required to train to any other area of the clinic, including the Same Day Clinic.
Generally Monday through Friday day shifts, but may include evening, weekend and holiday hours as needed to cover absences.

Weekend schedule
See schedule details.

Site description
Austin, MN is a community of 22,000, and is surrounded by prairies, rivers and valleys just 90 minutes south of Minneapolis/St. Paul and 45 minutes west of Rochester. Excellent public and parochial education system, including programming for students with special needs and gifted students. Great recreation options including trout fishing, hunting, cross-country skiing, camping, hiking, cycling, indoor/outdoor tennis, canoeing and golfing. Upscale community offering many amenities not often found in communities this size. Hormel Foods, a multi-nation food manufacturer and marketer, has its corporate headquarters in Austin.

Category
Nursing, Union

Career profile
Licensed Practical Nursing

Job posting number
143738BR

Recruiter
Elizabeth Brownewell

Equal opportunity employer
Mayo Clinic is an equal opportunity educator and employer (including veterans and persons with disabilities).
