Company:   Mayo Clinic

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Florida
City:   Jacksonville
Post Date:   12/29/2020 11:10 PM

Contributes to the analysis of internal and external opportunities related to operating goals. Independently manages some or all of the implementation of assigned projects and outreach initiatives. Serves as an expert resource and mentors other internal/external research project personnel. Trouble shoots and resolves problems and contributes significantly to discussions on prospective project design, feasibility, project management, and outcomes measurement. Participates in designing, organizing, and monitoring projects, including budgets/financial management. Plans for, participates, and occasionally leads the education of internal and external staff required to carry out an assigned project or research initiative. Organize and participate in internal and external project workgroup, committee and/or advisory board meetings, teleconferences, and regional meetings; prepare written correspondence; develop brochures, exhibits, and web site content; write articles for newsletters, newspapers, and magazines; coordinate student rotations and community research experiences; present at national meetings; perform other activities and duties as assigned.

The laboratory of Dr. Melissa E. Murray is seeking a highly organized, personable candidate to coordinate the logistics of the Translational Neuropathology lab at Mayo Clinic. The role of the Project Coordinator will be to provide wide-ranging support regarding budgeting, manuscript submission, IRB-related tasks, curriculum vitae, travel, and agenda/calendar management. Preference is given to the candidate who has previous experience with budgetary adherence of grants and management of personnel effort; manuscript submission of documents to scientific journals and accession NIH-funded articles to PubMed Central; preparation of IRB paperwork and filing; management of scientific curriculum vitae and related digital archiving programs (Re-AIMS, ORCID, Scopus); organization of air, hotel, and scheduling for travel; reimbursement using Concur system; assistance with organization of project-related meetings; and/or working knowledge of clinical and neuropathologic documentation.

Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in public health, education, communications, or other related field. Applied knowledge and prior experience working with various research populations preferred. Must have demonstrated excellent skills in leadership, communications, problem-solving and work organization. Excellent interpersonal and project management skills required. Must have excellent oral and written communication skills. Must be able to work independently and effectively with a variety of people at all levels both within and outside of Mayo Clinic. Must be proficient in desktop publishing, word processing, database applications, and web site development. Must be highly organized, efficient, capable of comprehending complex instructions and situations, able to manage several projects simultaneously, and able to function independently and exercise independent judgment in decision-making.

Exemption status
Exempt

Compensation Detail
Education, experience and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended.

Benefits eligible
Yes

Schedule
Full Time

Hours / Pay period
80

Schedule details
Monday - Friday, Days

Site description
Jacksonville is the largest city in area in the continental United States. A beautiful coastal Florida city that features excellent year-round climate, over 20 miles of beaches and outstanding outdoor recreational, cultural and family-oriented amenities. The "River City by the Sea" has an excellent school system, reasonable cost of living and a thriving business environment. Medical professionals and patients are drawn to Jacksonville by an extraordinary network of high-profile healthcare facilities. Jacksonville continues to grow as more people relocate from all over the U.S. and abroad, to see what the great River City has to offer!

Category
Clinical Labs and Research

Career profile
Research

Job posting number
143645BR

Recruiter
Amelia Hoffman

Equal opportunity employer
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available.
