Company:   Mayo Clinic

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Florida
City:   Jacksonville
Post Date:   12/29/2020 11:10 PM

Under direction, executes components of the clinical trial implementation, maintenance, and completion process. Responsibilities may include, but are not limited to: the ongoing management of pre-written protocol/clinical research documents through the clinical trial development/implementation process; writing of the informed consent document; coordination of study logistics/approvals, verification of content to meet institutional, industry, and federal standards; communication with study sites, industry partners, and/or federal agencies; development of clinical trial budgets; and ensuring Mayo standards are adhered to and appropriate approvals have been obtained. Must be able to work in a team environment and to work on multiple projects at various stages. Must be able to work in a complex environment and to exercise good judgment in ambiguous situations under pressure. Must possess excellent problem-solving skills, oral and written communication and interpersonal skills, and be comfortable interacting with individuals at all levels internal and external to Mayo Clinic. Participates on projects as assigned. Provides input to standard operating procedures and working instructions.

Qualifications
A bachelor's degree is required. One year of experience in a clinical research setting or related field preferred. Must be proficient in the use of computers, Microsoft applications, and databases. Experience with medical terminology preferred.

Exemption status
Non-exempt

Compensation Detail
Education, experience and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended. The minimum pay rate is $20.28 per hour.

Benefits eligible
Yes

Schedule
Full Time

Hours / Pay period
80

Schedule details
Monday - Friday, Days

Site description
Jacksonville is the largest city in area in the continental United States. A beautiful coastal Florida city that features excellent year-round climate, over 20 miles of beaches and outstanding outdoor recreational, cultural and family-oriented amenities. The "River City by the Sea" has an excellent school system, reasonable cost of living and a thriving business environment. Medical professionals and patients are drawn to Jacksonville by an extraordinary network of high-profile healthcare facilities. Jacksonville continues to grow as more people relocate from all over the U.S. and abroad, to see what the great River City has to offer!

Category
Clinical Labs and Research

Career profile
Research

Job posting number
143376BR

Recruiter
Amelia Hoffman

Equal opportunity employer
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available.
