Company:   Amazon

Industry:   Internet / E-Commerce
Retail / Merchandising
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Tennessee
City:   Nashville
Post Date:   12/30/2020 03:50 AM
DESCRIPTION Amazon's Worldwide (WW) Workplace Health and Safety (WHS) organization is changing the way we think about our work so that we can keep our associates healthy and safe, and protect the environment. We are passionate about having the right data to help drive decision-making and are committed to providing easy to use systems that enable users to obtain insights at the click of a button. Our Global Workplace Health &amp; Safety team exists to deliver value to its key customers in our field operations; and above all, provide a fantastic customer experience. Are you passionate about data? Do you love helping people? Do you enjoy questioning the status quo? Do complex and difficult challenges excite you? If yes, this may be the team for you.

The AUSTIN (EHS Information Systems) Insights team has been created as an enablement team to support our field Workplace Health &amp; Safety function by turning data into insights from our internal built information management system. We are seeking a Program/Project Manager that has responsibility for data, reporting and analytics across multiple lines of business with a key focus on improving compliance, highlighting risk, and delivering value to our customers from our information system, AUSTIN.

The ideal candidate will work successfully in a fast-paced environment, and has a strong technical background. The candidate has proven experience in collaborating with business and technical teams, success with translating complex technical examples into simple concepts, and finding solutions to difficult questions. The successful candidate is one who is customer obsessed, drives for results, detail driven and has excellent problem-solving abilities. The candidate must be skilled at anticipating and resolving problems, managing multiple priorities, and communicating effectively with all level of stakeholders.

Your responsibilities:

Reporting and Analytics Program Management

 Lead EHS System (AUSTIN) insights projects to design, implement, and support solutions to enable field customers timely access to actionable business information.
 Design, manage, and deploy BI solutions, including interactive dashboards in Tableau or QuickSight, sourcing data from internal big data storage, Tableau published data sources, and external sources.
 Develop detailed requirements documentation including user stories, use cases, design specifications, business process, data flows and acceptance criteria.
 Be accountable for deliverables by understanding and balancing the competing demands for project scope, time and quality.
 Track use of delivered tools, diagnose and highlight areas of opportunity. Record and quantify benefits realized to obtain value extracted from tools to gain support for continual investment.

Data Validation &amp; Governance Assistance
 Assist the Workplace Health &amp; Safety BI and Data Engineering teams to define and document data flow and integration processes to support data governance
 Leverage industry tools and proprietary tools to assess overall data quality.
 Perform deep-dives to find the root causes behind variances in key metrics / datasets
 Work with data source stakeholders to identify and implement remediation actions if data quality falls below the accepted threshold
 Assist Workplace Health &amp; Safety Data Engineering with governance over critical data sets e.g. locations, finance, workers comp, incident &amp; injury, actions &amp; inspections data

Skills

 High level of technical skills with demonstrated ability to manage, manipulate, analyze raw data, research data issues, draw conclusions, provide resolution, and develop actionable recommendations.
 Listening and consultative skills to understand business needs; be able to interpret requirements identify impacts and analyze problems.
 Ability to collaborate across levels of enterprise within a geographically dispersed team.
 Strong analytical mind-set with an ability to interpret, visualize and tell the story behind the data.
 Passion for both business understanding and leveraging data to improve business processes and support decision making.
 Superior analytical and creative problem-solving skills.
 High level of attention to detail and accuracy.
Demonstrate a deep understanding of the enterprise reporting development and delivery domain areas, using multiple technologies and tool sets.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS  5+ years of BI, business or data analyst experience required ideally in an enterprise environment across multiple application systems and business functions with depth of experiences in operations analytics.
 Bachelor degree, Master degree or evidence of expert skill in BI, data science, computer science, econometrics, operations research, statistics, Information Management, or related analytical field; advanced degree preferred.
 Experienced level skills in Excel required.
 Working experience in BI tools (Tableau required), querying big data (Redshift), ETL tools bulk data manipulation is essential

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS  Working experience in analytical toolkit (e.g. R or Python) is preferred.
 Business analysis, consulting/advisory and/or project or client management experience will be a strong plus.
 Experience with Agile methodologies and framework a plus.
 Experience handling confidential data is a plus
