Company:   Hospital Corporation of America

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Job Type:   Full Time
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Missouri
City:   Kansas City
Post Date:   12/29/2020 05:51 PM
Do you have the career opportunities as an Ultrasound Technologist you want in your current role? We have an exciting opportunity for you to join Research Medical Center a facility that is part of the nation's leading provider of healthcare services, HCA Healthcare.

At RMC, we want to ensure your needs are met. We offer a variety of comprehensive medical, dental, and vision plans along with some unique benefits including:

Tuition Reimbursement/Assistance Programs Student Loan Repayment Paid Personal Leave 401k (100% annual match - 3%-9% of pay based on years of service) Identity Theft Protection discounts Auto, Home, and Life Insurance options Adoption Assistance Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)
Our Mission and Values

Our teams are a committed, caring group of colleagues. Do you want to work as an Ultrasound Technician where your passion for creating positive patient interactions are valued? If you are dedicated to caring for the well-being of others, this could be your next opportunity. We want your knowledge and expertise!

Under limited supervision but the direction of the Radiologist, the Ultrasound Technologist completes sonography procedures including routine sonograms as well as interventional sonograms including biopsies.

About this unit:

Our team is committed to patient safety, employee satisfaction, and above all else the care and improvement of human life By joining our team you will have the opportunity to provide excellent care in a rapidly growing acute care facility amidst an ever changing healthcare environment.

Responsibilities:

Participate in Performance Improvement and Quality Improvement activities. Work within the guidelines established in the policies and procedure manual and complies with all safety and infection control guidelines. Sonographers work in accordance with JCAHO, State or other regulatory or accreditation agencies in the performance of their duties.
