Company:   Hospital Corporation of America

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Nursing
Job Type:   Full Time
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Tennessee
City:   Hendersonville
Post Date:   12/29/2020 06:35 PM
At HCA Healthcare, we are committed to caring for patients with purpose and integrity. We care like family! Jump-start your career as an Ortho Medical-Surgical Registered Nurse today with Hendersonville Medical Center.

We are committed to providing our employees with the support they need. At Hendersonville Medical Center, we offer an array of medical, dental, and vision packages as well as several add-on perks to make your benefits package truly customizable to you and your family needs. Some of our unique benefits we offer include:

Student Loan Repayment Tuition Reimbursement/Assistance Programs Paid Personal Leave 401k (100% annual match - 3%-9% of pay based on years of service) Identity Theft Protection discounts Auto, Home, and Life Insurance options Adoption Assistance Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)

We are seeking a Full-time Days Medical Surgical Registered Nurse for our facility to ensure that we continue to provide all patients with high quality, efficient care. We are an amazing team that works hard to support each other and we are seeking a phenomenal addition like you who feels patient care is as meaningful as we do. We want you to apply now!

Job Summary:

As Med-Surg RN, you will perform direct patient care within the scope of the Registered Nurse Practice Act. In this role, you will use therapeutic communication in daily practice. Maintains a safe therapeutic environment. You will identify nursing problems as they relate to the individual needs of the patient. You will plan individualized patient care utilizing an interdisciplinary approach. You will participate in performance improvement activities. You will provide care and coordinates participation that fosters the goals of the hospital's mission and vision statement.

TriStar Hendersonville Medical Center , a 159-bed hospital about 15 minutes outside of Nashville, has provided high-quality health care to residents of Sumner and surrounding counties for over 40 years. The facility is the first Accredited Chest Pain Center in Sumner County and is a Certified Primary Stroke Center. The Birth Center at TriStar Hendersonville, featuring Sumner County's only Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU), hosts spacious LDRP suites and a lactation boutique for inpatient and outpatient services. In addition to its main hospital campus, other affiliates include TriStar Women's Imaging Hendersonville, The Outpatient Center at Hendersonville, TriStar Portland ER and TriStar Portland Diagnostic Center.

HCA Healthcare has been continually named a World's Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere since 2010. In 2018, HCA Healthcare spent an estimated $3.3 billion in cost for the delivery of charitable care, uninsured discounts, and other uncompensated expenses.

Be part of an organization that invests in you. We are actively reviewing applications for our Medical Surgical Registered Nurse opening. Highly qualified candidates will be promptly contacted for interviews. Submit your application and help us raise the bar in patient care!
