Supervisor, Electric Project Management (Power Generation) job in California, USA / United States 
 Construction Industry Jobs

PG&amp;E

Job Location :  (93401) California, United States
Job Salary :  Competitive
Job Type :  Permanent
Main Industry :  Construction
Employer :  PG&amp;E
Posted On :  06/01/2021
Job Description :  Department Overview
PG&amp;E's Power Generation Department manages and operates the largest privately-owned hydroelectric system in the nation. These renewable electric generation resources, located mostly at high elevation in California mountain ranges including the Sierra Nevada and southern Cascade mountains include 68 powerhouses, 184 miles of canals, 41 miles of flumes, 135 miles of tunnels, 19 miles of penstocks, 99 reservoirs, and 142,000 acres of watershed lands all covered by 26 operating licenses issued by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC).

Position Summary

The headquarters for this position can be either Auberry or San Luis Obispo.

Power Generation Project Management Leadership initiates and implements PG&amp;E's capital and expense projects for electric hydro generation power plants, dams, and facilities. The Leadership may oversee teams of Project Managers and Project Management Analysts. The work groups they oversee may consist of all regular employees, contractors or both and is responsible for managing power generation capital construction and/or maintenance projects throughout an assigned area. The Leadership works with O&amp;M, Engineering, Business Operations, and Asset Strategy to identify projects annually and oversee the project management groups that generate the scope of work, design, procure, construct and start-up for equipment installation and facility upgrades. Incumbents are typically assigned to a region or area with an annual project portfolio budget. The Leadership promotes a safety culture and ensures staff adhere to all company and regulatory safety practices and policies.

Responsibilities:
Manages the portfolio of assigned projects and ensures all projects are designed safely and constructed on time, on budget, on scope, and without adverse environmental or other regulatory impacts. Manages and forecasts accurate project portfolio costs that are aligned with annual and project budget targets. Proactively identifies and resolves project issues to ensure that projects stay on plan to meet overall cost, scope and schedule commitments. Ensures consistency across the organization. Works directly with client/sponsor organizations to understand scopes of projects and make appropriate project manager assignments. Establishes specific project manager expectations, metrics, and tracking tools to measure performance. Develops workload plans and strategies to establish balanced levels of internal and external resources to support five-year plans. Regularly meets with each project manager to review status of assigned projects with emphasis on the larger, more complex or higher impact projects. Works with technical Project Management teams in other departments or lines of business to effectively manage and improve the overall groups operations and processes. Keeps abreast of best practices in project management concepts, methods and techniques. Regularly assesses current processes and develops recommendations for continuous process improvement. Supervises staff to accomplish results through recruitment and selection, training and development, performance management, and rewards and recognition. May supervise union or non-union employees. Direct reports may include Project Managers, Project Management Analysts, Project Coordinators or Assistants, Contractors. Facilitate Southern Hydro Area project coordination meetings Attend Helms and Kings/Crane O&amp;M and Engineering Meetings Requires 25% Leader In The Field time on-site for project meetings, construction walk-downs, and plant outages Travel - 25% to 40%
Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:
A Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Business, Finance or equivalent combination of education, experience, and training. Certified Project Management Professional (PMP) from the Project Management Institute (PMI) 6 years total relevant experience in technical project management or program management or business management in the utility industry or 3 years supervisory experience of project management, engineering and/or construction of Electric Utility or Power Generation projects
Desired Qualifications:
MBA Lean Six Sigma Green or Black Belt Certified Leadership skills in driving work progress and improving work processes. Power generation and substation system knowledge. Strong project management skills; knowledge of project management concepts, methods and techniques. Construction management skills and experience Strong project scoping and cost estimating skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Influence skills. Collaboration and interpersonal skills. Strong MS Office skills. Strong understanding of project management tools including Primavera P6, SAP, EPPM, and Unifier Knowledge of AACE estimating processes and classifications Knowledge of Engineers and Scientists of California (ESC) Union Contract. Financial acumen, understanding of contingency cost estimating and its use. Skilled in negotiating and managing contracts for engineering, procurement and construction services for civil, mechanical, and electrical projects Travel - 25% to 40%
