Hematology/Oncology - Physician - Louisiana

Company: CHRISTUS Health
Location: Alexandria
Posted on: December 31, 2020

Job Description:

CHRISTUS Cabrini Cancer Center in Alexandria, LA is seeking a full-time Hem/Onc to join its well-established team. The ideal candidate will be a team player and enjoy working in a cohesive environment with experienced physicians. Whether you are coming out of training or an experienced physician looking for a change, this position offers the stability of being employed with a good home life balance. We offer: Competitive salary Comprehensive benefits Relocation and sign-on bonus Existing patient base Strong support staff CHRISTUS St. Frances Cabrini Hospital, located in Alexandria Louisiana, is a 241-bed facility employing approximately 1,600 Associates and a medical staff of over 325 physicians. CHRISTUS Cabrini offers comprehensive inpatient and outpatient services and is accredited by the Joint Commission. CHRISTUS Trinity Clinic and CHRISTUS Physician Group are multi-specialty medical groups with more than 1,000 Physicians and Advanced Practice Providers. Our clinicians represent more than 60 specialties in over 140 clinic locations across 4 states - Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, and New Mexico. CHRISTUS Trinity Clinic and CHRISTUS Physician Group are physician led and governed medical groups and are a part of the CHRISTUS Health family. CHRISTUS Health is a Catholic, not-for-profit health system made up of more than 600 centers, including long-term care facilities, community hospitals, walk-in clinics and health ministries. We are a community 45,000 strong, with over 15,000 physicians providing individualized care in the United States, Chile, Colombia and Mexico. Sponsored by the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word in Houston and San Antonio and the Sisters of the Holy Family of Nazareth, our missing is to extend the healing ministry of Jesus Christ to every individual we serve. CHRISTUS Cabrini Cancer Center in Alexandria, LA is seeking a full-time Hem/Onc to join its well-establ
