Company:   University of Michigan Health System

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Job Type:   Full Time
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Michigan
City:   Ann Arbor
Post Date:   12/29/2020 03:01 PM
Mission Statement

Michigan Medicine improves the health of patients, populations and communities through excellence in education, patient care, community service, research and technology development, and through leadership activities in Michigan, nationally and internationally. Our mission is guided by our Strategic Principles and has three critical components; patient care, education and research that together enhance our contribution to society.

Why Join Michigan Medicine?

Michigan Medicine is one of the largest health care complexes in the world and has been the site of many groundbreaking medical and technological advancements since the opening of the U-M Medical School in 1850. Michigan medicine is comprised of over 26,000 employees and our vision is to attract, inspire, and develop outstanding people in medicine, sciences, and healthcare to become one of the world's most distinguished academic health systems. In some way, great or small, every person here helps to advance this world-class institution. Work at Michigan Medicine and become a victor for the greater good.

What Benefits can you Look Forward to?

Nursing at Michiganoffers a competitive salary with excellent benefits!

Salary range for Registered Nurses- $67,815 to $105,171

* Evening Shift Differential- $2.55 per hour
* Night Shift Differential- $3.40 per hour
* Weekend Differential- $1.75 per hour

The benefit package includes:

* Excellent medical, dental and vision coverage
* 2:1 Match on retirement savings and immediate vesting
* Generous Paid Time Off Allowances
* Robust Tuition and Certification support programs
* Large offering of no cost CEs and professional development for advancement

Responsibilities*

The UMAdult ED is a Level 1Trauma Center with 87 beds,capable of cardiac monitoring, and includes5 resuscitation bays. The Emergency Critical Care Center (EC3), is a section of the Adult Emergency Department, thatoffers specialized care for the severely ill or injured adult emergency patient. This Centerhas 15critical care beds available for those patients needing critical care. Our Registered Nurses carefor patients who present with a variety of injuries or ailments, ranging from minor to life-threatening. Nursing staff will receive the specialized training necessary to care for patients within the specific areas of our department, for example triage and resuscitation. Documentation occurs for all patients in an electronic medical record.The University of Michigan Health is a Magnet recognized hospital. We have recently been named #1 hospital in Michigan and #11hospital in the nation by US News and World Report for 2020-21!

Expectations of the position:

Successful candidate must obtain ACLS during orientation, and obtain Pediatric Advanced Life Support (PALS) and Trauma Nursing Core Course (TNCC) certification within 6 months post orientation to maintain position.These will be obtained through UMHS Emergency Department.

Nursing Specific Info

Salary &amp; Nursing Framework Level:
This UMPNC RN posting is posted as Nursing Framework LEVEL C.
Actual Nursing Framework LEVEL and salary will be determined at time of hire.
Nursing Framework levels range from Level A to Level F.

Required qualifications must be met by the candidate in order to be interviewed and considered for the position. Posting may be filled after the initial 5-day posting period. Applicants who have left the UMPNC bargaining unit must include on their resume dates of past employment including months and years of service along with effort. Positions less than 20 hours/week may be combined.

If you have questions regarding this posting or would like assistance with nursing opportunities please contact Nurse Recruitment at (734) 936-5183.

Required Qualifications*

Current Michigan Registered Nurse License.
One(1) year of current(at least 20hrs/week) in an Adult ED or Adult ICUas a RN

RESUME REQUIRED (for both internal &amp; external applicants):
A complete and accurate resume must be attached to be fully considered for this position.

In order to be considered for this position the applicant must have met or will have met all the required qualifications prior to the start date of employment.

Desired Qualifications*

BSN preferred
Excellent interpersonal communication skills
Experience as a Charge Nurse
Pediatric experience
Current ACLS, TNCC, or PALS certification

Work Schedule

Shifts: 12hrs, 11:00 pm-11:30am
Hours: 36 hours per week (0.9)
Location: University Hospital, Adult Emergency Services-Level 1 Trauma Center

All new employees will be expected to float to a designated unit(s) in times of low census.

Union Affiliation

This position is covered under the collective bargaining agreement between the U-M and the Michigan Nurses Association and the U-M Professional Nurse Council union, which contains and settles all matters with respect to wages, benefits, hours and other terms and conditions of employment.

Background Screening

Michigan Medicine conducts background screening and pre-employment drug testing on job candidates upon acceptance of a contingent job offer and may use a third party administrator to conduct background screenings. Background screenings are performed in compliance with the Fair Credit Report Act. Pre-employment drug testing applies to all selected candidates, including new or additional faculty and staff appointments, as well as transfers from other U-M campuses.

Selection Process

Michigan Medicine seeks to recruit and retain a diverse workforce as a reflection of our commitment to serve the diverse people of Michigan and to maintain the excellence of the University. We welcome applications from anyone who would bring additional dimensions to the Universitys research, teaching, and clinical mission, including women, members of minority groups, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. The Department of Nursing, like the University of Michigan as a whole, is committed to a policy of nondiscrimination and equal opportunity for all persons and will not discriminate against any individual because of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, height, weight, or veteran status.

U-M EEO/AA Statement
The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
