Company:   Mayo Clinic

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Nursing
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Minnesota
City:   Rochester
Post Date:   12/29/2020 11:10 PM

Location: Gonda 2 South, Surgical Services: Outpatient Procedure Center

The Registered Nurse (RN) on Gonda 2 is accountable for the delivery of direct patient care within the outpatient setting. The RN would primarily be responsible for the perioperative care in the GI Procedural Suite, as a circulating RN. This position covers on-call service in the hospital for GI Endoscopic emergencies. There will also be cross training and coverage with coordination and delivery of perianesthesia care, in the pre-post area in the Outpatient Procedure Center. The RN plans, implements, and evaluates patient care, teaches patients and families, and orients colleagues and peers.

The registered nurse (RN) is accountable for the coordination of nursing care, including direct patient care, patient/family education and transitions of care. The RN supports professional nursing practice across practice settings and across the continuum of care to meet the needs of the patient and family. The RN will function within the Mayo Clinic Nursing Professional Practice Model, which includes accountability for planning, implementing, evaluating and communicating all phases of nursing care for assigned patients. The ANA Nursing: Scope and Standards of Practice provide a basis for the practice of the RN. The RN provides leadership through activities such as preceptor role, informal leadership roles, and quality improvement efforts. The RN delegates patient care according to skill level, experience, patient acuity, fiscal accountability, and adequacy of resources. The RN possesses excellent communication skills; is skillful in mentoring and teaching; and may participate on committees or projects. A subset of employees may be required to drive their personal vehicle as a part of the responsibility of their role.

Qualifications
Student or Graduate of an accredited, or those in the candidacy process, baccalaureate, associate, or diploma nursing program, as recognized by the Accreditation Commission for Education in Nursing (ACEN), Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE), National League for Nursing Commission for Nursing Education Accreditation (NLN CNEA). If graduated from a nursing program that was not accredited by ACEN,CCNE, and NLN CNEA, at least one year of RN experience (within the last 5 years) in an applicable care setting is required. If graduation did not occur within the last two years, one year of RN experience in an applicable care setting is required or, effective October 1st, 2017 one year of current LPN experience at Mayo Clinic is required.

All associate degree or diploma registered nurses hired into the Department of Nursing with a RN start date after April 1, 2020, must provide documented evidence of program completion of their baccalaureate degree in nursing from an accredited nursing program within 5 years from the last day of the month of their RN start date.

Additional qualifications
Excellent communication skills (verbal and written). Experience working in a team environment. Computer skills required, prior experience with electronic medical record systems preferred. Ability to adapt to unpredictable situations within the work setting. Demonstrated leadership, effective communicator, and excellent critical thinking skills.

Internal applicants should submit their three most recent performance appraisals.

License or certification
Must obtain prior to start date:

Current RN license by applicable state requirements.

Basic Cardiac Life Support for healthcare providers- BCLS - certificate of course completion required and must not expire within 3 months after start date. A scanned copy of the certificate of completion or transcripts, including your full name, must be attached to your profile to be considered.

We will only accept certificates of course completion from the following providers:
* American Heart Association (Title: BLS for Healthcare Providers or BLS Provider)
* Red Cross (Title: CPR/AED for Professional Rescuers and Health Care Providers or BLS for Healthcare Providers)
* Military Training Network
Additional specialty certification/training as required by the work area.

Exemption status
Non-exempt

Compensation Detail
Education, experience and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended. The minimum pay rate is $31.78 per hour.

Benefits eligible
Yes

Schedule
Part Time

Hours / Pay period
40-56 hours per 2 week pay period

Schedule details
Monday - Friday; Extended hours, variable start times, 8-hour shifts, overtime and on call as needed - NOT NEGOTIABLE

Weekend schedule
No weekends

Site description
Mayo Clinic is located in the heart of downtown Rochester, Minnesota, a vibrant, friendly city that provides a highly livable environment for more than 34,000 Mayo staff and students. The city is consistently ranked among the best places to live in the United States because of its affordable cost of living, healthy lifestyle, excellent school systems and exceptionally high quality of life.

Category
Nursing

Career profile
Surgical Services

Job posting number
144343BR

Recruiter
Angelina Cochran

Equal opportunity employer
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available.
