Company:   Sundance Resort

Industry:   Cool Jobs
Hospitality
Hotel / Resort / Lodging
Job Type:   Full Time
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Utah
City:   Provo
Post Date:   12/29/2020 02:16 AM
Job Title: ASSISTANT FRONT OFFICE MANAGER

Department: Lodging

Reports To: Front Office Manager

Rate of Pay: $20.00 - $22.00 per hour, DOE.

Shift: Shifts vary depending on business needs

Variable days from Sunday through Saturday

Full Time, Year Round position

Weekends and Holidays Required

SUMMARY

The Assistant Front Office Manager ensures consistent high-quality guest service is delivered in all Sundance Lodging efforts. Provides leadership under the guidance of the Front Office Manager for the following Front Office departments: Front Desk, Switchboard, Bell Service, and Concierge.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.

Assists the Front Office Manager in managing front office team including hiring, training, performance monitoring, scheduling and reviews.

Fulfills guest service obligations as outlined by Forbes service agreements.

Develops new initiatives that promote the improvement of Forbes standards.

Oversees all aspects of guest service ensuring that Sundance Service Standards are consistently met.

Instills proper etiquette standards in all employees.

Organizes and oversees Forbes training for all new FD, PBX &amp; Bell staff as well as ongoing Forbes training.

Documents training.

Collaborates with Reservations and Housekeeping departments to insure seamless daily operations and guest service.

Shares the Sundance story of land preservation and environmental commitment with staff and guests.

Ensures prompt, professional phone service.

Ensures accuracy and proper billing of all guests and groups.

Helps supervisors excel in their daily duties.

Balances check-out report daily.

Runs the BSI report toconfirm credit limits daily.

Assists Front Desk and Bell with arriving and departing guests and covers shifts, as needed.

Attends Resume and Pre-Con meetings.

Attends meetings with the Front Office Manager as needed.

In the absence of the Front Office Manager provides representation in meetings.

Collaborates in weekly meetings with Front Office Manager and department supervisors.

Works closely with all department supervisors to ensure operations runs smoothly.

Assists with bi-weekly commissions report and payroll.

Assists with inventory reporting.

Provides back up for ordering supplies from vendors.

Gives unique and helpful feedback to help with year-end reviews.

Ensures safe and accurate shipping &amp; receiving by PBX/Switchboard.

Assists with and resolves guest problems or complaints.

Ensures guests are informed of services, facilities, events, and environmental initiatives at Sundance; assists in planning and booking activities.

Maintains vendor contacts and maintains the accuracy of invoices, payments, and commissions.

Ensures proper communication among departments and outlets, namely Sales and Reservations.

Manages resources for front office including, but not limited to, ordering supplies and updating front office resources.

Maintains inventory and orders front office collateral materials.

Supports the recycling program.

Assists Front Office Manager with additional duties and responsibilities as assigned.

ALL SUNDANCE REPRESENTATIVES ARE EXPECTED TO

Embrace and promote all facets of the Sundance Guiding Principles: vision, mission, service standards, and values.

Exhibit job and product knowledge to accurately support and promote all Sundance departments, amenities and programming ventures.

Be flexible to meet business demands, work well under pressure, meet deadlines, and manage time appropriately.

Work with a broad-based constituency and provide excellent service to all internal and external guests.

Demonstrate cooperative behavior with colleagues and supervisors.

Keep information confidential as directed in the confidentiality agreement.

Support and comply with all Sundance policies, procedures, and standards.

Protect Sundance assets.

Be a positive ambassador of Sundance inside and outside of work.

ENVIRONMENTAL COMMITMENT

Support and participate in environmental programs associated with position, for example: minimize waste, recycle, conserve energy, purchase and use sustainable products, educate co-workers/guests on environmental ethic, support vendors with similar environmental ethic, decrease pollution levels, minimize the use of toxic chemicals, restore wild life habitats, and carpool with co-workers to minimize carbon emissions. All employees are invited to participate in environmental or Sundance Preserve sponsored events.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES

Manage, under the direction of the Front Office Manager, 2-4 subordinate supervisors who supervise a total of 15-30 employees in the Switchboard, Front Desk, Concierge, and Bell Staff. Is responsible for the overall direction, coordination, and evaluation of these units.

Carry out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and training employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems.

Complete all applicable paperwork for the above responsibilities and submit to HR in a timely manner.

DRESS CODE

Sundance recognizes the impact that our image has on the guest's impression of the resort and the perception of our ability to provide professional service to our clientele. As representatives of Sundance all employees including mangers are expected to be in compliance with the Dress Code determined for his/her department as defined in the job description or follow the standards below.

In order to best promote a positive, professional image that meets Sundance guest's expectations, employees are required to dress in a professional, conservative fashion that is appropriate for their area. Please use the following as a minimum standard:

All aspects of the Personal Appearance policy (SPL#50) must be in compliance.

Employees are required to wear nametags at all times while on duty.

Clothing must be unwrinkled and clean, and in good condition (no rips, tears, or frays regardless of whether accidental or fashionably placed).

Blue jeans are permitted.

Men's shirts must be tucked in.

Appropriate skirt length is from the knee to the ankle.

A tailored fit is required of all clothing.

Tank tops, halter tops tube tops, and spaghetti straps are prohibited.

Sleeveless shirts are permitted for females.

Bare midriffs are prohibited.

Proper footwear for your department is required.

Dress sandals are permitted for females.

Flip flops are prohibited in all areas.

Tennis shoes are prohibited unless there is a business need (ie: Mtn. Ops.)

Fashion sneakers are allowed within department approved parameters.

If your department allows t-shirts, they must be in good condition and have appropriate Sundance logos.

If your department allows baseball caps, they must be in good condition and have appropriate Sundance logos.

If your department allows beanies, they must be in good condition and Sundance branded.

Employees working in retail outlets may wear t-shirts and caps that are sold in their area if no uniform is provided.

Accommodations

Sundance will reasonably accommodate employees with religious beliefs or a disability that may make it difficult for that employee to comply fully with the Personal Appearance Policy. Employees should contact their supervisor or Human Resources to request a reasonable accommodation that will comply to the greatest extent possible with the policy.

DISCLAIMER

This is a general description of this job. All employees of SUNDANCE PARTNERS LTD. will be required to perform any task that is asked of him/her within legal and ethical parameters and company policy.

QUALIFICATIONS

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

MANAGEMENT SKILLS

Financial management and accountability including preparation and adherence to departmental budget and willingness to implement improvements to achieve the financial goals of Sundance Partners, LTD.

Ability to manage change effectively.

Ability to conceptualize and implement the Sundance guiding principles.

Provide leadership to position Sundance to achieve its vision.

Communicate goals and objectives in a manner which inspires employees to live and apply the guiding principles.

Clear concise written and verbal communication skills.

Ability to sell concepts and ideas to management, peers, and employees.

Build morale and spirit.

Instill a guest service attitude in all employees.

Instill a "can-do" attitude in all employees.

Excellent time management skills.

Follow, support and enforce company policies and procedures.

Excellent problem resolution skills.

Assume responsibility and accountability for self and employees.

Ability to quickly evaluate alternatives and decide on a plan of action.

Think creatively.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE

One year certificate from college or technical school; at least 2-4 years total related experience in hospitality/lodging/comparable resort and/or education, or equivalent combination of education and experience.

TECHNICAL/COMPUTER SKILLS

Good working knowledge of word processing and spreadsheets. SMS knowledge helpful. Proficient in internet navigation and electronic mail. Operate radio for communication with staff.

CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS

Must possess a valid U.S. Drivers' License in good standing as determined by Sundance's Insurance Company guidelines.

LANGUAGE SKILLS

Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS

Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages, area, circumference, and volume. Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry.

REASONING ABILITY

Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to stand; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds.

WORK ENVIRONMENT

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to wet and/or humid conditions, moving mechanical parts, outside weather conditions, extreme cold, and extreme heat. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

OTHER QUALIFICATIONS

Must be 21 years of age or older
