Company:   Mayo Clinic

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Nursing
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Florida
City:   Jacksonville
Post Date:   12/29/2020 11:10 PM

The registered nurse (RN) is accountable for the coordination of nursing care, including direct patient care, patient/family education and transitions of care. The RN supports professional nursing practice across practice settings and across the continuum of care to meet the needs of the patient and family. The RN will function within the Mayo Clinic Nursing Professional Practice Model, which includes accountability for planning, implementing, evaluating and communicating all phases of nursing care for assigned patients. The ANA Nursing: Scope and Standards of Practice provide a basis for the practice of the RN. The RN provides leadership through activities such as preceptor role, informal leadership roles, and quality improvement efforts. The RN delegates patient care according to skill level, experience, patient acuity, fiscal accountability, and adequacy of resources. The RN possesses excellent communication skills; is skillful in mentoring and teaching; and may participate on committees or projects. A subset of employees may be required to drive their personal vehicle as a part of the responsibility of their role.

Qualifications
Graduate of an accredited, or those in the candidacy process, associate, or diploma nursing program, as recognized by the Accreditation Commission for Education in Nursing (ACEN), Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE), National League for Nursing Commission for Nursing Education Accreditation (NLN CNEA). Exceptions to this may be made in the MCHS sites prior to a law change requiring accreditation expected in 2018.

If graduated from a nursing program that was not accredited by ACEN, at least one year of RN experience (within the last five years) in an applicable care setting is required. If graduation did not occur within the last two years, one year of RN experience in an applicable care setting or one year of current LPN experience at Mayo Clinic is required. Arizona requires one year of RN experience in an applicable area.

All entry-level associate degree registered nurses with a RN start date of April 1, 2020 and after must provide documented evidence of program completion of the baccalaureate degree in nursing from an accredited nursing program within five years from the last day of the month of the RN start date.

All entry-level associate degree registered nurses with a RN start date prior to April 1, 2020 must provide documented evidence of program completion of the baccalaureate degree in nursing from an accredited nursing program as stipulated by the degree requirement program in place at time of hire.

Additional qualifications
One year RN experience within the last five years preferred. Excellent communication skills (verbal and written).
Experience working in a team environment. Computer skills required, prior experience with electronic medical record systems preferred. Ability to work flexible hours, which may include days, evenings, nights, holidays, and weekends and on-call. Ability to adapt to unpredictable situations within the work setting. Demonstrated leadership, effective communicator, and excellent critical thinking skills.

License or certification
Current RN license by applicable state requirements. Maintains Basic Life Support (BLS) competency for Health Care Providers from one of the following programs: American Heart Association or American Red Cross. Additional specialty certification/training as required by the work area.

ACLS is required for this position by day 1 of employment

Exemption status
Non-exempt

Compensation Detail
Education, experience and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended.

Benefits eligible
Yes

Schedule
Full Time

Hours / Pay period
80

Schedule details
0700 - 1730; Monday - Friday.

Site description
Jacksonville is the largest city in area in the continental United States. A beautiful coastal Florida city that features excellent year-round climate, over 20 miles of beaches and outstanding outdoor recreational, cultural and family-oriented amenities. The "River City by the Sea" has an excellent school system, reasonable cost of living and a thriving business environment. Medical professionals and patients are drawn to Jacksonville by an extraordinary network of high-profile healthcare facilities. Jacksonville continues to grow as more people relocate from all over the U.S. and abroad, to see what the great River City has to offer!

Category
Nursing

Job posting number
144238BR

Recruiter
Christina Hieb

Equal opportunity employer
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available.
