Company:   Mayo Clinic

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Nursing
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Minnesota
City:   Mankato
Post Date:   12/29/2020 11:10 PM

Coordinate the management of trauma care across the care continuum. Develop and maintain quality improvement programs for trauma services. Direct all trauma registry activities. Participate in departmental and intradepartmental trauma surgery education programs. Coordinate Emergency Preparedness for Trauma Services. Participate in injury prevention activities. Supports the Quality and Effectiveness of the Stroke Program.

Qualifications
Experience: Minimum of 3 years Registered Nurse experience in Emergency Department, Trauma or Critical Care.

Education: Graduate of an accredited school of nursingBSN preferred

Additional qualifications
Training: Trauma Outcomes and Performance Improvement course.

Special Skills: Must be able to show evidence of completing a minimum of 16 hours of trauma related continuing education per year.

License or certification
Licensure &amp; Certification: Current licensure as Registered Nurse in state of Minnesota required. BLS required, TNCC and/or CALS required, and completion of TOPIC at least once.

Exemption status
Exempt

Compensation Detail
Education, experience and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended.  The minimum salary every 2 weeks is approx $2396.00, based on a full-time position.

Benefits eligible
Yes

Schedule
Full Time

Hours / Pay period
80

Schedule details
8 hour shifts, Monday - Friday.

Occasional evenings and weekends.

Orientation will be at full time hours.

*This position is split half-time at both Waseca and New Prague facilities, covering both trauma and stroke requirements.

Weekend schedule
Occasional weekends.

Site description
Mankato is one of the largest cities in southern MN and has earned several livability awards. Mankato's economic growth leads Minnesota and is among the top in the nation. The city has a contiguous population area of 96,740 and 1.6 million people live within 60 miles of Mankato. Greater Mankato is centrally located in south central Minnesota, nestled in the scenic beauty of the Minnesota River Valley, with convenient access to Minneapolis-St. Paul just one hour away.

Category
Nursing

Career profile
Nursing

Job posting number
144256BR

Recruiter
Rebecca Grassmann

Equal opportunity employer
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available.
