job description 
          Revenue Cycle Analyst 
          
          
          Responsible for collections and/or refunds of highly complex cases. Performs functions necessary to facilitate payment recovery including research, appeals, and follow-up. Identify trends, potential resolutions, and escalate to a manager. Provide data related to reimbursement reductions, overages, delays, and non-payment. Evaluate the accuracy of contract modeling, communicate findings, and escalate as appropriate. Participate in payer meetings to resolve issues. Responsible for ensuring solutions implemented and goals achieved. Identify and monitor CMS &amp; payor rule changes and work to ensure compliance.     Responsibilities Ensure all assigned claims are followed up and/or appealed in a timely manner as per standard operating procedure (SOP); ensure maximum recovery of reimbursement.  Follow up on all appeals to ensure receipt and processing by carrier and prevent loss to untimely appeal   Evaluate contract management expected reimbursement and follow appropriate guidelines to report and escalate.   Evaluate overpayments and process timely as per procedures   Manage large volumes of line item denials, underpayments, and overpayments, and various appeal deadlines to prioritize workload and maximize reimbursement.  Ensure written appeals are clear, concise and within timely appeal limits.   Ensure appropriate supporting documentation is included with appeals.   Analyze retracted payments to determine appropriate course of action to recover reimbursement.  Prioritize work to facilitate payment of higher account balances.    Skills contract reimbursement  Access spreadsheet  Excel  spreadsheet  APR DRGs  care payer requirements  coding, NCCI edits coding collections Data Analysis  Issue Resolution Education Bachelors Qualifications Years of experience: 5 years Experience level:Experienced Shift: First Working hours: 8 AM - 4 PM Randstad is a world leader in matching great people with great companies. Our experienced agents will listen carefully to your employment needs and then work diligently to match your skills and qualifications to the right job and company. Whether you're looking for temporary, temporary-to-permanent or permanent opportunities, no one works harder for you than Randstad. EEO Employer: Race, Religion, Color, National Origin, Citizenship, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, Age, Disability, Ancestry, Veteran Status, Genetic Information, Service in the Uniformed Services or any other classification protected by law.
