Medical Records Specialist

Company: Robert Half
Location: Redwood City
Posted on: December 31, 2020

Job Description:

Ref ID: 00416-9502787106Classification: Medical Records SpecialistCompensation: $19.00 to $21.00 hourlyOne of Robert Half's distinguished clients is looking to expand their healthcare team. If you have medical office experience and are familiar with Health Information Management please apply to this position. Send your resume directly to Nwamaka at nwamaka.ofodu@roberthalf.com if this role interests you! Responsibilities: - Reconciliation of discharge records - Prep records for scanning into the EMR - Validation of record in EMR - Other clerical duties as assignedJob Requirements:- One year of medical record experience- Health Information Management (HIM) experience a MUST - Experience with electronic medical record processing requiredFor more information, send your updated resume to Nwamaka at nwamaka.ofodu@roberthalf.com with "Medical Records Specialist" in the subject line. Thank you and stay safe!--OfficeTeam, a Robert Half Company, matches professionals in the administrative field with remote or on-site jobs on a temporary and temporary-to-full-time basis. Whether you're a seasoned administrative pro or starting your career, we have options for you.Our experienced staffing professionals can promote you to employers and advocate on your behalf. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. For more opportunities, get the Robert Half app and receive instant notifications when our AI matches your skills and experience with jobs.When you work with us, you're working with the best. has been recognized as one of FORTUNE's "Most Admired Companies" every year since 1998 and was named to Forbes' inaugural list of America's Best Temporary Staffing Firms.Questions? Call your local office at 1.888.490.4154. Robert Half will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to temporary professionals. Visit https://roberthalf.gobenefits.net/ for more information.-- 2020 OfficeTeam. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking "Apply Now," you're agreeing to Robert Half's Terms of Use (www.roberthalf.com/terms-of-use).
