Company:   Hospital Corporation of America

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Job Type:   Full Time
Country:   United States
State/Province:   New Hampshire
City:   Portsmouth
Post Date:   12/29/2020 05:42 PM
Healthcare Corporation of America (HCA) is a community of 94,000 Registered Nurses and 38,000 active physicians. We have over 1,900 facilities ranging from hospitals, freestanding ER's, ambulatory surgery centers, and urgent care clinics. Our facility based staff continues to raise the bar in patient care. Ten HCA hospitals have been named in IBM Watson Health's top 100 best-performing hospitals based on patient satisfaction and operational data.

Portsmouth Regional is a 209-bed acute care hospital located in Portsmouth, NH, and is part of HCA, the nation's largest provider of healthcare services. Portsmouth Regional Hospital serves the seacoast region's residents in New Hampshire, Maine and Massachusetts and is one of the area's largest employers. Portsmouth Regional Hospital is the only Level II Trauma Center on the Seacoast and one of only three in New Hampshire to earn this important distinction. Recently, we were named One of America's Best Hospitals for Joint Replacements through a National Study by Healthgrades. Most recently, we received the Leapfrog 'A' Hospital Safety Grade.

Not only do our patients come first, but our employees do too! We provide a total compensation package to make sure your needs are met. Choose the medical coverage package that best suits you. Look after your loved ones while still getting paid with our Paid Family Leave. Plan for your future with our matching 401k or opt-in for several other benefits including family and medical flex spending accounts, life insurance, dental and identity theft protection.

HCA is dedicated to the growth and development of our colleagues. We will provide you the tools and resources you need to succeed in our organization. We are currently looking for an ambitious EVS OR Assistant to help us reach our goals. Unlock your potential here!

POSITION SUMMARY :

Includes the preparation of the O.R. rooms, placement of equipment and property utilized in Surgical Services i.e. Surgical Suites, Procedure Rooms, Interventional Radiology Rooms, Cardiac Cath labs, Cardiovascular Operating Suites and Endoscopy Procedure Room . Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Terminally cleaning rooms and suites in accordance with facility policy and recognized standards Turnover of rooms and suites after emergency cases Preparing rooms for next day cases Anticipating which cases will be finishing and coordinating with nurses Other various duties as assigned.
(*Primarily O.R.)

SPECIFIC ELEMENTS &amp; ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS :
Provides for the privacy/confidentiality of patients/family. Is knowledgeable of and Consistently practices patient safety goals. Communicates effectively with staff. Appropriate beeper/phone use Under direct supervision assists housekeeping staff as needed. Demonstrates basic knowledge of principles of aseptic technique. Assures that correct equipment is in rooms Demonstrates the ability to appropriately, efficiently and thoroughly perform room end of day terminal cleaning and weekly cleaning. Demonstrates self-direction above and beyond daily assignments and actively offers assistance to colleagues both within the main OR's, cardiac OR's and various other procedural and surgical services units.
