Company:   Mayo Clinic

Industry:   Healthcare / Medical
Country:   United States
State/Province:   Minnesota
City:   Rochester
Post Date:   12/29/2020 11:10 PM

The Decision Support position is part of a team focused on developing and maintaining rules-based logic and algorithms that support clinical practice and commercial products. Authoring algorithms requires (a) understanding a diagnostic or clinical problem (b) breaking the narrative into a discrete and deterministic sequence of steps (c) developing graphical representations (pathways or logic) using diagramming software and/or decision support tools.

The Decision Support Specialist is responsible for review, editing, and developing content and algorithms in an authoring system and the ongoing maintenance and support of these decision support tools. The position has a wide variety of professional responsibilities and utilizes independent critical thinking skills along with experience and professional judgment skills necessary in working with the algorithm building technology and authoring systems.

Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in health informatics, nursing informatics, nursing, health information management, health information technology, or related field required. Five or more years' recent experience working with clinical systems and/or tailoring health knowledge into individualized decision support tools for use in a variety of content delivery and information technologies. Education and/or experience in the use of information systems is essential. Strong analytical, problem-solving, critical thinking, and logical reasoning skills. Excellent interpersonal skills to include presentation, negotiation, persuasion, team facilitation, and written communications. Ability to work independently and manage a varied workload and multiple priorities.

Additional qualifications
Proficiency in visual diagramming software (such as Visio) and decision support functionality.
Ability to work independently and manage a varied workload and multiple priorities.
Ability to be self-directed.
Ability to develop effective working relationships with a variety of individuals.
Ability to set priorities and meet deadlines.
Experience in project management.
Writing and editing clinical content preferred but not required.
Be able to work well in a team environment

License or certification
RN license from MN, AZ or FL preferred.

Exemption status
Exempt

Compensation Detail
Education, experience and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended.

Benefits eligible
Yes

Schedule
Full Time

Hours / Pay period
80

Schedule details
Monday - Friday 8-5. This position is 100% teleworking position and can be located at any of the Mayo Clinic sites.

Site description
Mayo Clinic is located in the heart of downtown Rochester, Minnesota, a vibrant, friendly city that provides a highly livable environment for more than 34,000 Mayo staff and students. The city is consistently ranked among the best places to live in the United States because of its affordable cost of living, healthy lifestyle, excellent school systems and exceptionally high quality of life.

Category
Administration, Business, Finance

Job posting number
143125BR

Recruiter
Stephanie Finer

Equal opportunity employer
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available.
